Added ability to toggle visibility of tabs (#2600)
Chatterino/chatterino2: CHANGELOG.md

## Unversioned

> - Major: Added ability to toggle visibility of Channel Tabs - with keyboard shortcut (default: Ctrl+U). (#2600)

Reviewer: Update changelog to clarify new UX functionality

```suggestion
- Major: Added ability to toggle visibility of Channel Tabs - This can be done by right-clicking the tab area or pressing the keyboard shortcut (default: Ctrl+U). (#2600)
```
